Custom highlighted fields (#3852)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/api/rules/rules-api-create.asciidoc

|version |Integer |The rule's version number. Defaults to `1`.

> |investigation_fields |String a| Specify additional highlighted fields for the alert:

Reviewer: What do you think of:

```
Specify additional highlighted fields for select alert investigation flows:
```

Author: Are "select alert investigation flows" personalized investigation flows? Or are we saying that customized highlighted fields only select _a few_ investigation flows? If it's the former, I can modify the description to:

Specify highlighted fields for personalized alert investigation flows.

Reviewer: That's a good question. With "select alert investigation flows" I was trying to reference the fact that these fields are used for more than just the alert details > highlighted fields section (like alert details > prevelance and exceptions). But maybe that's just more confusing. 

And ++ to adding that field description to the create rule docs. Thanks for catching that!

Author: Ok, cool. So just to wrap this up, do you think the description is good as is, or should I change it to: 
```suggestion
|investigation_fields |String a| Specify highlighted fields for personalized alert investigation flows:
```

> |investigation_fields |String a| Specify highlighted fields for personalized alert investigation flows:

Author: Actually, I think this is right. I was thinking about the value input type, not the field type when I wrote this.
